Update 3rd party db to include Hyperdrive (#23171)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers/databases/third-party-integrations/supabase.mdx

title: Supabase
---

import { Render, PackageManagers, Tabs, TabItem } from "~/components";

[Supabase](https://supabase.com/) is an open source Firebase alternative and a PostgreSQL database service that offers real-time functionality, database backups, and extensions. With Supabase, developers can quickly set up a PostgreSQL database and build applications.

:::note

> You can connect to Supabase using [Hyperdrive](/hyperdrive) (recommended), or using the Supabase client, `@supabase/supabase-js`. Both provide connection pooling and reduce the amount of roundtrips required to create a secure connection from Workers to your database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can connect to Supabase using [Hyperdrive](/hyperdrive) (recommended), or using the Supabase client, `@supabase/supabase-js`. Both provide connection pooling and reduce the amount of round trips required to create a secure connection from Workers to your database.
```
